README.md, before:

# Tales of Twitter
What if we could see the emotions and moods of people through the breadcrumbs they leave on Twitter ?

## Architecture Summary
This project is be based on micro-services each of which is wrapped into a docker container.

![Architecture diagram](docs/twitter-sentiment-analysis-diagram.png)

# Steps

![Text input > Tokenization > Stop-words filtering > Negation handeling > Stemming > Classification > Sentiment class](docs/sentiment-analysis-cycle.png)

Text input > Tokenization > Stop-words filtering > Negation handeling > Stemming > Classification > Sentiment class - Source: [Medium](https://medium.com/@tomyuz/a-sentiment-analysis-approach-to-predicting-stock-returns-d5ca8b75a42)

## Fetch and queue the tweets
## Build a Sentiment Analysis model
## Pipe the tweets through the model
## Play with results :)

# Useful Links
- [Using Twurl](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/tutorials/using-twurl)
- [Kafka Quickstart](https://kafka.apache.org/quickstart)
- [A Practical Introduction to Kafka Storage Internals](https://medium.com/@durgaswaroop/a-practical-introduction-to-kafka-storage-internals-d5b544f6925f)
- [Deploy a Kafka broker in a Docker container](https://www.kaaproject.org/kafka-docker)

Commit message:

Updated README with quick access links and deployement steps

README.md, after:

# Tales of Twitter
What if we could see the sentiments of people through the breadcrumbs they leave on Twitter ?

## Quick Access Links

This project is described in details in this article: [LINK]().

Final dashboard can be found here: [grafana.redouaneachouri.com](http://grafana.redouaneachouri.com/d/_TYUeQCZk/twitter-sentiment-analysis).

The Modelization part is described at [./model/twitter-sentiment-analysis.ipynb](./model/twitter-sentiment-analysis.ipynb).

![Architecture diagram](docs/twitter-sentiment-analysis-diagram.png)


## Deployment

Local and live deployement are done through the same [docker-compose.yaml](docker-compose.yaml) file.

Compose offers a way to control the order of statup and shutdown of containers through the `depends_on` option, but, by design, [there is no way to delay statup until a service becomes available](https://docs.docker.com/compose/startup-order/) - unless we run a script that waits for a service to become available with a `command` option.

> The problem of waiting for a database (for example) to be ready is really just a subset of a much larger problem of distributed systems. In production, your database could become unavailable or move hosts at any time. Your application needs to be resilient to these types of failures.

> To handle this, design your application to attempt to re-establish a connection to the database after a failure. If the application retries the connection, it can eventually connect to the database.

Services need to be started in a specific order with the following commands:
```
# Start Kafka and InfluxDB
docker-compose up -d kafka influxdb

# Start Grafana
docker-compose up -d grafana

# Start the producer and the consumer
docker-compose up -d producer consumer
```

### Useful Links
- [Twitter Developers portal](https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs)
- [Sentiment Analysis with Python NLTK](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-perform-sentiment-analysis-in-python-3-using-the-natural-language-toolkit-nltk)
- [Kafka Quickstart](https://kafka.apache.org/quickstart)
- [A Practical Introduction to Kafka Storage Internals](https://medium.com/@durgaswaroop/a-practical-introduction-to-kafka-storage-internals-d5b544f6925f)
- [Deploy a Kafka broker in a Docker container](https://www.kaaproject.org/kafka-docker)
